How awesome would it be if you were
getting a 100red new followers every
single day on Tik Tok? In this video,
I'm going to show you how to do that.
I'm going to give you a 30-day plan so
you can start getting the views and the
followers that you've always wanted. And
it doesn't matter if you're starting
from scratch or you've been posting
forever without seeing results. If you
accept this challenge and do the 10
things that I'm about to share with you
for 30 days, it will completely
transform your views, your followers,
and the engagement that you're getting
on your account. You'll also have a much
better understanding of how the Tik Tok
algorithm works and what it takes to
actually get results. Because I know
that when I started on TikTok, I spent a
lot of time worrying about whether I was
doing the right things. And the more
conflicting advice that I listened to
from gurus, the more confused I became.
So, I'm going to make this simple and
I'm going to cover all the big questions
that you have like how often you should
post, whether you need to niche down,
and whether this idea of engaging from
the bottom up actually helps you grow on
TikTok. Now, you may not feel like
getting a 100 followers per day is even
possible. But if you do the 10 things
I'm about to share for the next 30 days,
I promise you that it is. This is
exactly how I got to 10,000 followers in
about 45 days, and I've helped many new
creators do exactly the same. At this
point, you have nothing to lose. So, why
not try something different and follow a
single plan for the next 30 days? And if
you feel stuck or have questions, just
drop them in the comments and I'll help
you out. All right, first step of the
plan. You are only going to use one
niche or topic for the entire 30 days.
And I understand this is going to be
very difficult for some of you because
you might be interested in a lot of
different things and have a lot of
different things that you want to share
inside of your personal brand, but this
is really important if you want to start
getting results. And I'm not saying you
only have to talk about one thing for
the rest of your life. You're going to
be able to expand and talk about more
topics later, but right now our focus is
to start getting you consistent growth
and views in the next 30 days. And in
order to do that, we have to help the
algorithm understand what your account
is about. We have to get your account
categorized and start getting your
content categorized. That way, the
algorithm can show your videos to the
people that are actually interested in
them. And what happens to a lot of
creators is they're posting about too
many things. They're sending too many
different signals to the algorithm, and
so they confuse the algorithm, and then
it's just guessing about who to show
your videos to. And this is why you
might have incredible valuable content
that's actually a really good piece of
content. Maybe you even saw that it was
a video that worked really well for
somebody else, but it didn't work for
you. And it's because that other person,
they've done the things necessary to
categorize their account and get their
video shown to the right people, which
means they actually stop scrolling. They
actually watch the video and they watch
it for a long time. Whereas yours, it's
getting shown to somebody that's not
interested, so they're not watching the
video for very long or worse, they're
swiping past it. So, choose one topic or
one niche and every single video that
you put out for the next 30 days needs
to be about that topic only. And before
we move on, this is a good time to let
you know that I actually have a free Tik
Tok growth training. You can grab it in
the description. It's actually delivered
over 30 days directly to your inbox. So,
if you're going to be doing this 30-day
challenge, that's going to be really
helpful because every day you'll have a
specific tip or strategy that you can
focus on improving that day. And it
pairs really well with what we're doing
in this video. All right, the second
thing that we're going to do is we are
going to post one to three times per day
every single day. It's important that
you post every single day. And the other
thing that's important is that you post
consistently, that you do not miss a
day. For the next 30 days, you're
committing to putting out a video no
matter what. And if that means that you
can't post more, that's okay. I know
that there's a lot of people on TikTok
that are telling you that you need to
post three to five times per day in
order to grow or in order to grow fast.
But I promise you that is not true. you
can get extreme growth and get to where
you're getting a 100 followers per day
just posting once per day. Because
posting the right videos and packaging
them in the right way and understanding
how the algorithm works is going to get
you more results than just posting a ton
of content that's maybe not the best
content that it could be. So, what I
want you to do is post as much as you
can and still implement everything we're
talking about in this video, but no more
than three videos. Okay? I would rather
you post one video per day. And if
you're able to create more than one
video, then what I would consider doing
is dripping those out. Maybe you create
three videos today. Don't post all of
them today. Post one today and save some
of those to help you be consistent
longer. But if you are going to post
more than one video per day, don't post
them at the same time. Don't post them
back toback. Spread them out. Do one in
the morning, one in the evening,
something like that. Just give them time
to process. One of the things that
you're going to see is that your videos
might not just get a ton of views right
away like they used to. It used to be
that like you got 200 to 300 views
instantly for that sample audience that
they give you. Or if it was going viral
like it went viral within minutes, but
that's not what's happening now. A lot
of times because the algorithm is
working harder to find the right people,
it's going to drip those two to 300
videos out maybe throughout the entire
day. And so we want to give it time to
do the work. So, if your views are
delayed or you're not seeing like
instant virality, I don't want you to
worry about it because I know I had a
video recently that got over 100,000
views and it only got maybe 200, 300
views in the first day and didn't really
get a whole lot more over the next week
and then boom, it took off. So, give it
time. And one last thing before I
forget, if you are worried about posting
times, don't. Posting times don't
matter. Just choose a time that works
for you. It will have no impact on your
views. I only like choosing a posting
time as like an accountability tool.
Like saying to myself, I'm gonna have a
video posted by 10:00 a.m. every day or
by 5:00 pm every day. Like that allows
me helps me to be more consistent and to
show up every day. So do that if you
need to, but don't really worry about
when you post your videos. The third
thing you're going to do is experiment
and post different types of content. If
you want to be successful on Tik Tok,
you have to try a lot of different
things because there's a lot of ways to
skin a cat. There's a lot of different
types of content that work, but you have
to find the format that works best for
you and your personality. And so during
this 30 days, I want you to experiment.
I want you to do the 60 to 90 second
talking educational videos. And if you
need to go longer, if you're doing a
2-minute video, 3-minute video, that's
totally fine. But also try, you know,
those 6 to9 second videos where you just
have like a video of you doing some
random thing and then the message and
the value of the video is actually the
text on the screen and you can add a
trending sound with that. Those used to
be really really popular and used to be
one of the best ways to grow on Tik Tok.
And although it's gone more to like a
YouTube style talking to camera like I'm
doing here, that doesn't mean that that
shorter content doesn't work. And so I
want you to experiment with those
different things and try different
things and take notice of what does
work. Now the fourth thing to be
successful is that we're not just going
to guess about what content to post. We
are going to emulate outlier videos. And
what that means is we are not going to
make stuff up. We are only going to post
videos that we have already seen be
successful on Tik Tok. And that means
you're going to need to do a little bit
of content research. And I'm going to
show you how to make that really, really
easy here in a second. But every single
video you post for the next 30 days,
whether you do 30 videos one a day, or
you do 60 or 90 videos, posting two to
three per day, every single video has to
be a proven video someone has already
had success with. Now, that doesn't mean
that you are going to plagiarize their
video and rip it off word for word or
anything like that. But what it does
mean is that you are going to use their
viral video idea. You are going to use
the same hook that they did and then you
are going to share your perspective and
tell it in your way with your
personality. If you skip this step and
you just guess and you just post
whatever you want, you will not have
success over this next 30 days. The
reality is you don't know what good
content is yet. And if you want to learn
what good content is, you have to study
good content. And one of the best ways
to do that is by taking something that
worked and making it yourself. And then
you start to notice the patterns. You
start to see the matrix. You start to
understand why certain things work and
why certain things don't. And that's
going to put you in a position where 60,
90 days from now, you are going to be
able to come up with your own unique
viral video ideas. Now, I said I was
going to make it really easy for you to
find these outlier videos. So, first
thing you need to know is what is an
outlier video? Outlier video is just
what it sounds like. It's when somebody
gets way more views than they have
followers or way more views than they
normally get. So, an outlier would look
like a creator that only gets 500 to
1,000 2,000 views every single time they
post. But then they have a video that
gets 30,000 50,000 or even 100,000
views. That's a video that was way more
successful than them than normal. And
that means that there's a lot of demand
for that video. There was a lot of
interest in it and it got a lot of
people to stop scrolling and to watch
the video. And so you should be able to
make a similar video and have similar
success. And it doesn't have to just be
small creators. If you find a big
creator and they're getting big views,
you can do that, too. But what you have
to be careful of is these creators that
are getting 50 to 100,000 views on every
single video, that 100,000 view video is
not an outlier. An outlier for them is
going to be half a million views or a
million views. And so you just got to
understand, is this an outlier for that
creator? Now, with the established
creators, there's something really cool
that you can do for your content
research with them. I'm going to share
that a little bit later. So, make sure
you stick around. But now that you know
what an outlier video is, there's a
couple of ways to find them. And the
first one is that if you have creators
that you really like and you look up to,
maybe you go, "Hey, I want to be that
kind of creator." Then you can just
regularly look at their account and just
see their recent videos and see if any
of them have just popped off. And then
you can add that to your list. Like you
can just save it on TikTok and make your
own version of it. But another thing
that you can do is you can program your
for you page to only show you the best
viral outlier content. And the way
you're going to do this, you're going to
spend some time on your for you feed and
every single video that comes up that is
your niche that you've chosen to do for
this challenge. You're going to watch
that video all the way through. You're
going to like it, maybe leave a comment,
and then every video that is not part of
your niche, you're going to click on it
and say, "I'm not interested." And
you're just going to do this for 5 to 10
minutes, close your app, bring it back
open. And that quickly, it should have
changed your for you feed to only be
showing you niche videos. Now, if it
hasn't, it's okay. Just repeat that
process again. Once you've done it once
or twice, you should be good to go. But
this is going to make sure Tik Tok is
showing you the best, most viral
content. It's going to make it really
easy for you to find these outliers. You
just see a video, catches your
attention, you know, this has a bunch of
views. Click on that person's profile.
It's going to take you to their profile,
show you that exact video, and you can
look at the videos around it to see, is
this an outlier for them. The fifth
thing that I want you to do is I want
you to film in different locations. I
would pick three to five locations in
and around your house or wherever it is
that you want to record. And this might
seem like it's not a big deal, but it
can actually have a big impact on your
views because one of the first things
that we have to do to be a successful
creator is get people to stop scrolling
and watch our video. And we're going to
talk a lot about how do we get people to
stop scrolling. And one of the easy ways
to do that is the background. Like
what's happening behind you? I know that
when I record videos out on my patio out
here that has this beautiful view of the
Texas Hill Country and all of the
ranches that are in the area around me
because I'm up on this big hill that
gets really good results. Like every
time I post a video with that
background, if I post the same video
here in my office, the one in my office
isn't going to do as well because it
doesn't have the big beautiful blue sky
and the green trees and fields from
these ranches that just they're vibrant
and they grab people's attention. And
it's kind of like these videos that
you've probably seen where people are
inside of their cars and they're just
talking to the camera like they're on a
FaceTime with their friend. That is like
a big trend all the way across Tik Tok.
And it's because it works. It gets
people's attention. They feel like, hey,
this person was just hit. They were like
inspired by this video. They had this
idea and they posted it. And that might
not be true or or not, but it gets
people's attention. So, I want you to
experiment with different things with
different backgrounds and figure out
where you're comfortable recording and
what is working. And if you start to
notice a trend, if you start to notice a
pattern of one place working better than
another, then you can double down on
that and you can do more videos in that
way, whether it's in your car or with a
beautiful view or, you know, whatever it
is that works for you. The sixth thing
that you need to do on every single
video in this challenge is you need to
make sure that you always use text on
screen. There's a couple of ways that
we're going to do this, but you need to
make sure you do it for every single
video. And so the first way that we're
going to do this is we are always going
to use the auto captions. I don't really
care which captions that you pick or how
big or little they are, anything like
that. But you want to have those
captions there. That way people can read
and hear what you're saying or
understand what you're saying even if
they're not able to listen. And this is
going to happen a lot. I mean people
might be watching your videos while
they're sitting in their college class.
I know I used to do stuff like that. And
it's a lot easier to do that and get
away with it if you have captions
because you obviously can't have the
volume on. But I mean me in my personal
life, I'm watching videos when I'm
standing in line at the grocery store
waiting to check out or in the evening
when my wife is watching the Bachelor
whatever stupid show that I'm not
interested in and I'm just scrolling
through my feed watching videos. I want
to be able to read what the person is
saying because I'm not going to have the
volume blaring and I might not want to
have my headphones in while I'm sitting
there, you know, spending time with my
wife. So auto captions are a must. But
the next one that you have to have is
you need to have title text on the
screen. And this is really simple, but
it's non-negotiable. You need to have a
written hook that goes above your head
with some simple text to get people's
attention. Because when they are
scrolling through the feed, they're
going to decide very quickly whether
they want to watch your video or not.
And when you have a title that's framed
like a hook to make them curious, it's
going to get their attention and let
them understand what the video is about
immediately. So they'll stop scrolling.
They'll actually hear your verbal hook,
the thing that it is that you're saying,
and they'll continue watching the video.
So using text on screen is important to
get people to stop scrolling in the
first place and then to keep their
attention as long as possible. That way
we can rack up that watch time and get
pushed and get more views and have our
videos shown to more people. All right,
number seven. Focus on your hooks. One
of the most important things in your
video. You probably already know this
because this is one of the things the
gurus actually do get right and
everybody talks about, but the hooks are
not just what you say at the start of
the video. It's also that title text
that I was just talking about. Now, if
you're following the rules of this
30-day plan, you're not going to have to
worry about hooks too much because
you're already going to be emulating
that outlier content and you're going to
be taking the exact hook that that
creator did for that idea and you're
going to be using it in your video. Now,
if that video that you're emulating has
a textbased title, you're going to want
to use that, too. But if they don't,
it's something that you're going to want
to add because maybe that's an
opportunity for you to get even more
views than they do because you're going
to be able to use that visual hook, that
text, to get more people to stop
scrolling and therefore get way more
views. And so, in that instance, you're
going to have to come up with your own
hook. And to help you with that, I want
to give you my viral hooks swipe file.
I'm going to give it to you for free.
This is something that my clients use.
It's normally a paid product, but you
can actually grab it now in the
description. And this is just a great
spreadsheet with a bunch of proven hooks
that have gone viral repeatedly that
you're going to be able to use for those
textbased titles. And then in the future
when maybe you're coming up with your
own verbal hooks for the video ideas
that you have. And the spreadsheet also
comes with a companion video that's
going to show you exactly how I use it
to get the best results. So go ahead and
grab it and let's move on to the next
thing. Number eight is that you need to
make sure you're using the right
hashtags. And I want to clear up a few
things about hashtags before we get into
this because you may or may not have
noticed that not everyone uses hashtags.
And the reality is you don't have to use
hashtags if you don't want to. You're
going to see that a lot of these big
creators don't use them at all. And
that's because they've gotten their
account categorized and they're
established and they realize that it it
doesn't matter at that point. And the
other thing that you need to understand
is that the hashtag itself is not going
to make you go viral. If you have the
perfect combination of hashtags, you're
not going to get a ton more views from
it. The idea still has to be good. The
hook still has to be good. You still
have to stop the scroll, get engagement,
get a ton of watch time. That's what
gets you the views. The only thing that
the hashtags are going to help you do is
get categorized a little bit faster
because it's another signal that you can
send to the algorithm to say, "Hey, this
is what my account is about. This is my
niche. This is my topic." And once you
understand that, you can go show my
videos to the right people that are
going to watch them the whole way
through. So, you don't have to use
hashtags in order to be successful, but
it's definitely this thing that you can
leverage to kind of get results faster.
And I would recommend using them in this
next 30 days. So, here are my rules for
your hashtag strategy. The first rule is
that you should not use more than five
hashtags because if you're using more
than five hashtags, you're probably
going to be confusing the algorithm
because it's covering too many topics.
The second rule is that you only want to
use the hashtags that Tik Tok
recommends. And so what you're going to
do is you're actually going to go and
search keywords related to your niche or
topic inside of Tik Tok. And then if you
scroll all the way to the right, and I
don't know if I'm pointing right or left
in my video right now, but if you scroll
all the way to the right on your screen,
you'll have that hashtag section. And
that's where Tik Tok says, these are the
hashtags that we want you to use. Now,
don't just grab any of the hashtags.
This is the important part here. Rule
number three. You want to be looking for
hashtags that have less than a million
uses. If they have a million uses,
you're going to be drowned out in the
flood of all the videos there. So, we
don't want to do that. We want to stand
out. So, we're going to be looking for
hashtags that have 10,000 to 100,000
uses. You could go up to, let's say,
about quarter million to a half a
million, but the sweet spot is 10,000 to
100,000. Now, if you find a really big
hashtag that you want to use, like Tik
Tok growth that has tons and tons of
views, and so that's not going to work
too well, you can always add like a
longtail keyword to it. So, you might
turn it into Tik Tok growth for
beginners or Tik Tok growth in 2025.
That is going to shrink the amount of
uses because it's longtail and that's
going to help you to find these
hashtags. Rule number nine for the next
30 days is that you will respond to
every single comment on your profile.
This is huge and too many people don't
do this. And the reason it's so
important is because engagement helps
drive views and it also creates more
watch time. Every single time somebody
comments on one of your videos, the Tik
Tok video keeps playing. And so that's
increasing the watch time. And so if you
respond to that comment, especially if
you respond to a comment with like an
open-ended question to invite them to
comment again, then you're going to get
more and more engagement. It's playing
while you're sitting there commenting,
then they come back. It's playing again.
And so you're more likely to get more
views. The other thing it's going to do
is it's going to create and invite more
engagement because most creators are not
responding to comments. And the big
creators, maybe they used to, but they
just don't have the time anymore. But
when the people that see your video go
check out the comments and see that
you're personally responding to all of
the questions and all of the comments,
they are going to be more likely to
leave a comment or ask a question of
you. And that means more engagement. And
that means more watch time, and that
means more views. And yes, this is going
to take a little bit of time, but this
is one of the big things that allowed me
to grow from 0 to 30,000 subscribers on
my YouTube in my first year. And it was
one of the things that allowed me to go
from 0 to 50,000 in just a couple of
months on TikTok. And so, I want you to
take advantage of this. Do the thing
that most people aren't going to do. And
if you have a really good question, if
somebody that you're able to like turn
into a video, use that video reply
feature. It is amazing. And all you got
to do reply to that comment, record a
short video, post it, consider that a
bonus piece of content for the day or
save it in your draft so you can post it
tomorrow. But that content is great and
a lot of times if somebody's asking a
question or you're seeing the same
question repeatedly, that is an
incredible topic for your videos. So I
still want you to only do outlier
content at least once per day for every
day of the 30 days. But if you have good
comments, make a bonus video and don't
worry about that one being an outlier.
Just respond to that. start creating
more engagement, more excitement around
your account for your followers. The
10th thing that you need to do during
this entire 30-day challenge is you need
to remake your top videos. If you have a
video that really stands out and is
almost like an outlier for you where all
of a sudden maybe you get 10,000 views
or something like that, as soon as those
views start to slow down and stop, I
want you to make that video again. Okay?
Now, you might be worried that if you
post the exact same video again, if you
remake that video, that your followers
are going to get sick of it. But that's
probably not the case because the first
thing is that when you make that video a
second time, you're probably going to
say it and describe it a little bit
differently. And so your followers who
started following you because they liked
that content, they're not going to mind
seeing it again because that's what they
wanted to see in the first place, but
also because since you're explaining it
a little bit differently, they might
hearing it a different way understand
better. Maybe that allows them to have
an aha moment or to get better results.
But the big reason that I want you to do
this is because Tik Tok does not show
your content to your followers first
like Instagram or YouTube. It's showing
your content to 200 to 300 people on the
for you page. And although that might
have a percentage of them that are your
followers, most likely it's going to
have 95 to 98% of people that have never
discovered you before. And so if you
have a video that did really well for
you, maybe you're only getting 500
views, maybe max 1,000 views, maybe
you're stuck at 200 views, and then you
have a video that gets 10,000 views,
when you post it again, if it worked
that first time, it's probably going to
work the second time. And now the
algorithm is going to figure out, okay,
this is the kind of video that you
produce. I understand. I can categorize
you. I can show you to the right people.
And then new people are going to
discover that successful video. And if
the first group liked it, that group's
probably going to like it, too. And this
is the secret to how all the big
accounts end up growing as fast as they
do. They find through that
experimentation and through, you know,
emulating the outliers, all those
things, they find their proven videos.
They figure out the ideas and the topics
and the hooks that work for them over
and over and over. And they start making
those videos repeatedly. And I talked
earlier about how you can go and you can
look at accounts and see like what has
stood out from them, you know, in in the
past. and it works really well with the
small creators. And there was a trick
with the big creators. Well, the trick
with the big creators is that if you go
to their account and you sort by popular
videos, you're going to start seeing
that there might be certain videos that
they've made three, four, five times.
That's them remaking their best content,
knowing that it's going to get them
discovered by a whole bunch of new
people and that it's going to work every
single time. So when you see that kind
of content from a big creator, that's a
signal even if they, you know, have a
ton of views all the time, that's a
signal that that's a content you should
be making and should probably be be
repeatedly making as well. Now, the last
thing that I want to touch on is the
algorithm. I want to explain to you a
little bit about how the algorithm works
because I don't want you to go into this
thinking like, "Okay, cool. I'm going to
follow these 10 rules over the 30 days
and I'm going to start getting massive
views on day one." Because that might
not happen. It's a 30-day challenge and
a 30-day plan for a reason. Because it's
going to take time to build up momentum,
to get your account categorized, to
learn how to use some of these skills to
actually start getting the results and
build up to where you're getting the
views and you're getting those 100
followers per day. The first thing that
you need to know about the algorithm is
that it is perfectly normal if you post
a video and you're getting views and it
suddenly stops. And a lot of times, it's
going to suddenly stop at around 200 to
300 views because that's the algorithm
sample audience. It's basically throwing
your video out there and comparing it to
other similar videos on the topic to see
which video gets the most watch time and
engagement. And so it's you versus these
other creators and whichever one does
better is going to get pushed further.
And this happens all over the place. So
if you you might get stuck at 500 or
a,000 or 5,000 or 10,000 like you're
going to have this kind of range where
you tend to stop at and that's perfectly
normal. So if you feel like, hey, I got
a viral video and it gets to about
15,000 views and then it just dies.
There's nothing wrong. That's how the
algorithm was intended to work. So,
don't worry about it. Especially because
that video that was successful and then
died. It might resurface later as it
starts to appear in search or people go
and start binging your content and so
then you have a bunch of people getting
high watch time and it kind of triggers
it to start again. And because of this
behavior of the views suddenly stopping,
even if you're only getting 200 to 300
views at first, I want you to stick to
the plan. I don't want you to give up. I
want you to commit to doing this for 30
days because it's perfectly perfectly
normal and it is going to improve. And
so what I want you to focus on instead
is I want to f you to focus on the
actions that will lead to the results. I
want you to focus on showing up and
posting every single day. I want you to
focus on implementing these 10 things
that I talked about in every single
video. Because if you focus on that, if
you just get a calendar and you go,
"Okay, if I post one video with all 10
of these things in it every single day
and I'm going to get an X on that and
you chain that together for 30 days
straight," things are going to start to
snowball. You're going to see the
results and it's going to come over time
because the keys to getting like the
most important things to getting the
views on TikTok are consistency and
categorization. When you get
categorized, they start showing your
videos to the right people that are more
likely to watch. And when you're
consistent, you're a consistent creator
that posts every single day the way Tik
Tok wants you to, they actually give you
like bonus views. They start to push
your account. They start to uh let's say
rank your account. And if your account
has like a higher ranking than another
account, maybe a new creator or somebody
who tends to post for a week and then
they don't post for a few days and then
they post a day or two and then they
don't post, like that person's going to
have a lower rating. And so all things
being equal, they're going to push you
over that other one. And so being
consistent will lead to more views.
categorization will lead to more views.
And if you do these 10 things over the
next 30 days, you're going to get those
views and followers. Now, these are just
the basics of how the algorithm works.
So, I want you to watch this video next
to learn how to make the Tik Tok
algorithm love you and push all of your
videos. Because if you can understand
the algorithm, you're going to have a
very very easy time of getting the
growth that you